the muscular puppet region of the head
the head will muscle called when
frontal pinus frontal pinus
later on we will have the
muscle belly or the front pinto
hospital in the face region
we will find a muscle that surrounds
the eye call the orbicularis muscle
eye
this musician has three beams a beam
orbital an eyelid bundle imagine at one
lacrimal beam leave it here and against
the two in zygomatic simão mate
with lower up I follow the match.com
greater is the orbicularis muscle in the
mouth lift muscle upper side
and here we have a lifting
upper lip and wing of the muscle nose
transverse nasal potion in the region
Mouth bicola have a muscle
depressor of mouth angle
more medially with oblique fibers
so parallel here we will have the muscles
depressors of the lower lip
immediately in the region of the muscle
mentoni year left the region from the angle
never to the posterior we have a muscle
solved just below the resort I have
a bull muscle in pain and here in the
region of guarulhos of our technique
we have a muscle
but sure the strongest muscle in the whole
body coming out of the face
Let's go to the neck region in
neck we will have a musician named
external playdom to cip tom mastoi gave in
region here of the auricular pavilion
we found three muscles called
auricle
upper and outer ear
the arm the arm
he has this muscle here a format and
delta called léo toy
previously this did brachial
later sad and happy brachial
between the physical and mis so I believe
that we found a brachial muscle in the
palm we have the clusters
muscle flexors in the bone
of hand
we have a muscular group 2
Extender is from the car and here is the main
elbow stabilizer call
antonio coming out arm
we will go to hebron first region
muscles, this is what is called
pectoralis major just below the
pectoralis major has a smaller breastplate
anterior closed muscle
then external oblique muscle and here I
with multiple limbs and muscular
separated by intermediate tendons
we have an abdominal rectus muscle
the rest of the abdomen in the posterior
trunk
we have a single that comes from the region o
hospital and extends to work
not of the thoracic vertebrae called
trapezius muscle laterally to the
Trapezius is a muscle called a great
of salt
the southern dairy leg on the face
previous
we will find a muscular group
call for femoral quadriceps first
musician the entity is that I rectus femoris
the thigh straight out the sock really to him one
medial and lateral vast mind him a
when removing the rectum
femoral internment meeting the vast
when the game of these four
muscles
the formation of the mural frame a musician who
leaves the region's own external region
more internal
called sartorius muscles the notary's office
is the longest monster in the
posterior region
We'll find I fought the most.
the largest gluteus region of the leg
we will have here the biceps femoris muscle
semitendinosus semi-membranous muscle
gastrocnemius and previously
let's have muscle previous muscle firmo
in a fibular muscle